EXHIBIT 10.6

                                  EXHIBIT 10.06

                          WATCHGUARD TECHNOLOGIES, INC.                               DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

This Agreement is made and entered into effective as of November 5, 1997 (the "effective Date), by and between WatchGuard Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("WGT"), and European Micro ("Distributor"). WGT and Distributor agree as follows:

Section 1. Definitions

"Add-On Software Modules" means those computer software programs that (a) provide additional functionality and may be integrated with the existing Hardware and other Software, (b) may be legally exported to the Territory without any export license and (c) WGT elects to include in Exhibit A at a mutually agreed discount percentage.

"Distributor Cost" means the purchase price payable by Distributor for each Product at the discount from WGT's then current WatchGuard Price List, as such discount is set forth in Exhibit A.

"Documentation" means any and all manuals, user guides, end-user license agreement, limited hardware warranty, on-line help files, on-line menus and other in program printed text regarding the Product prepared by or for WGT in connection with the Product.

"Gross Purchases" means the gross purchase price Distributor pays WGT for the Product, excluding any taxes or pass through charges and net of any credits or returns.

"Guaranteed Minimum Purchases" means the guaranteed minimum purchase amounts set forth in Exhibit A.

"Hardware" means the hardware identified on Exhibit A, together with any Updates to such hardware. WGT reserves the right to add to or delete hardware from Exhibit A and to modify the hardware during the Term.

"Product" means the combination of Hardware, Software and Documentation together as part of the same product package (including any Add-On Software Modules and any Updates thereto), in all cases carrying the "WatchGuard" Trademark.

"Quarter" means any period of three (3) consecutive calendar months that begins on January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1, during the Term.

"Software" means the computer programs identified on Exhibit A, in object code only, together with any Updates to such programs. WGT reserves the right to add or delete Software from Exhibit A and to modify the Software during the Term.

"Term" means the period of time determined in accordance with Section 5.

"Territory" means the geographic area described in Exhibit A.

"Trademarks" means the trademarks and trade names of WGT identified in Exhibit A.

"Update" means any minor modification, minor upgrade or minor enhancement of the Product (excluding any new version of the Product) that WGT publishes and elects to make available to Distributor via BBS, FTP site or other reasonable means. WGT is not obligated to make or release any update.

Section 2. Relationship of the Parties

2.1  Appointment. Subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this      Agreement, WGT hereby appoints Distributor, and Distributor hereby accepts      WGT's appointment, as a nonexclusive distributor of the Product to      resellers in the Territory during the Term, as long as Distributor makes      the Guaranteed Minimum Purchases pursuant to Section 4.

2.2  License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, WGT      grants to Distributor a nontransferable license to do the following in the      Territory during the Term:

(a)  market and distribute the Product to resellers;

(b)  demonstrate the Product to potential resellers;

(c)  use the Product internally for the sole purpose of providing this product      support specified in paragraph 4.1(c);

(d)  use and display the Trademarks in connection with marketing and      distributing the Product in the Territory pursuant to paragraphs (a) and      (b) above.

2.3  No Exclusivity. Distributor's appointment and the rights granted hereunder      are nonexclusive. WGT may, at its sole option, appoint other distributors      of the Product in the Territory at any time during the Term and expressly      reserves the right to license the Product directly or indirectly to





     end-users, third party original equipment manufacturers or other hardware      bundlers, value-added resellers or other resellers for sublicense or resale      in the Territory.

Section 3. Compensation

3.1  Support services. As full compensation for the support services described      in Exhibit C and provided during the Term, Distributor will pay WGT the      Support Fee set forth in Exhibit A. Payment of the Support Fee is due and      payable upon execution of this Agreement by wire transfer of immediately      payable funds to the bank and account set forth in paragraph 3.4, and then      annually by invoice from WGT on the anniversary of the execution of the      Agreement.

                                       2

3.2  Price. Distributor will pay WGT for each Product Distributor orders an      amount equal to WGT's then current WatchGuard Price List in effect on the      date of receipt by WGT of Distributor's order, subject to the applicable      discount set forth in Exhibit A. WGT may, from time to time, change its      WatchGuard Price List, provided that any such change will not be effective      under this Agreement unless and until the expiration of forty-five (45)      days after WGT gives Distributor written notices of the change.

3.3  Guaranteed Minimum Purchases. During the Term, Distributor will make Gross      Purchases in an amount at least equal to the cumulative Guaranteed Minimum      Purchase amounts through committed orders placed pursuant to paragraph 3.5      and calling for shipment on or before the dates set forth in Exhibit A.

3.4  Invoices. WGT will issue invoices for the Products ordered by Distributor      and all other amounts payable to WGT under this Agreement. Distributor will      pay WGT the full amount invoiced within thirty (30) days after the date of      WGT's invoice, unless provided otherwise on the applicable invoice, in the      lawful money of the United States of America to WGT by wire transfer of      immediately available funds to WGT's bank account number 1141139, at the      Commerce Bank of Washington, 601 Union Street, Suite 3600, Seattle, WA      98101, ABA routing number 125008013.

3.5  Orders. Distributor will place orders for the Product from WGT by      completing, signing and submitting to WGT a written order for the same, in      a form acceptable to WGT, via facsimile, mail or other means. Distributor      shall submit such order at least thirty (30) days in advance of the      delivery date set forth in each order. All orders will be subject to      acceptance by WGT through written acceptance or shipment of the Product      subject to the order.

Section 4. General Obligations of the Parties.

4.1  Obligations of Distributor. Distributor will use its best efforts      aggressively to develop sales of the Product in the Territory. In      furtherance thereof, Distributor will:

(a)  keep on hand a reasonable inventory of the Product sufficient to allow for      prompt delivery of the Product to resellers;

(b)  establish a program to market the Product, including, but not limited to,      participating regularly in local and regional trade shows, conventions or      like events in the Territory, and conducting regular local promotional and      other marketing efforts for the Product;

(c)  provide quality product support to resellers, including, but not limited      to, providing appropriate installation and application advice and prompt      follow-up service and advice to resellers of the Product upon request;

 (d) provide a support center to resellers, including, but not limited to, a      hotline service to answer reseller questions and to receive and track      complaints and any reports of claimed errors in the Product;

                                       3

(e)  provide quality product technical and sales training to resellers;

(f)  respond promptly to sales leads or referrals furnished by WGT or by other      distributors or dealers of WGT;

(g)  have a designated number of employees attend such technical and sales      training programs as set forth in Exhibit C;

(h)  maintain and furnish periodically, as WGT may reasonably request, complete      and accurate records of each sale or other distribution of each Product      sold or distributed by Distributor (e.g., showing the date of sale, Zip      code of the customer, the Product serial number and the applicable Product      license key(s)) under this Agreement;

(i)  promptly advise WGT of each complaint that Distributor may receive or      becomes aware of concerning the Product or any portion thereof (including,      but not limited to, warranty claims). Distributor will promptly investigate      all such complaints and will give immediate attention to and use its best      efforts to promptly, courteously and equitably respond to, adjust and      settle (without incurring any obligation or liability on behalf of WGT) all





     complaints received by Distributor from any customer, potential customer or      anyone else arising out of or in connection with Distributor's sale of any      Product, or the performance of any services. In handling any complaints,      Distributor will use its best efforts to maintain and promote good public      relations for WGT;

(j)  secure and maintain, in the name of WGT, any and all registrations,      permits, licenses, approvals and other governmental actions required to      import, handle, market, sell, demonstrate, use and distribute the Product      in the Territory, provide to WGT quarterly progress reports on such action,      and provide WGT copies of all registrations, permits, licenses, approvals,      certificates, correspondence and other documentation related to such      action;

(k)  hire, train, coordinate and maintain a qualified staff of sufficient size      and with a level and mix of capabilities as are reasonably necessary to      accomplish the goals contemplated under this Agreement;

(l)  avoid deceptive, misleading or unethical conduct which are or might be      detrimental to WGT or its Product, and refrain from making any      representation, warranty or guarantee to any reseller with respect to      specifications, features or capabilities of the Product that is      inconsistent with the literature distributed by WGT or this Agreement;

(m)  conduct its business in a manner under its own control, provided that      Distributor will at all times comply with all applicable laws and      regulations and will not engage in, or permit its employees or agents to      engage in, any activities or practices which could reflect negatively upon      the reputation or prospects of WGT or the Product or expose WGT to any      liability of any nature whatsoever; and

4.2 Obligations of WGT, WGT will:

                                       4

(a)  provide Distributor with sixty (60) days advance notice in the event that      it discontinues production of any Product;

(b)  provide Distributor with the training and product support services      described in Exhibit C; and

(c)  furnish Distributor with such demonstration Product, promotional      literature, data, information and other items as WGT deems appropriate for      Distributor's promotion, marketing and sale of the Product. WGT will use      such items only for the purpose of performing its obligations under this      Agreement.

4.3  Forecasts. Distributor's forecast of Product purchases for the Term is set      forth on Exhibit D. At least fifteen (15) days before the beginning of each      Quarter during the Term, Distributor will furnish WGT with a rolling      revised forecast of Product orders for the remainder of the Term.

Section 5. Term and Termination.

5.1  Term. The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and      will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3,      or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.

The Term will automatically renew for successive additional periods of one (1) year each, provided that: (a) Distributor has made all Guaranteed Minimum Purchases and has complied with the marketing requirements under paragraph 4.1(b); (b) the parties have agreed in writing upon the Guaranteed Minimum Purchase amounts and Product price discounts for the next subsequent one (1) year renewal period; (c) neither party provided the other party with notice of such party's intention not to renew this Agreement at least thirty (30) days prior to any year's Expiration Date; and (d) neither party provided the other party with such notice as may be required pursuant to paragraphs 5.2, 5.3 or 5.4.

5.2  Termination by WGT. Upon the occurrence of any of the following, WGT may      terminate the Term by giving Distributor written notice of such termination      for:

(a)  any failure of Distributor to comply with the marketing requirements under      paragraph 4.1(b);

(b)  any material change in the general management, ownership or control of      Distributor, including without limitation the sale, transfer or      relinquishment by Distributor of any substantial interest in the ownership      of the business to be carried on by Distributor under this Agreement,      unless such change is approved in advance and in writing by an officer of      WGT;

(c)  any assignment or attempted assignment of this Agreement by Distributor      without the prior written consent of WGT;

(d)  any solicitation by Distributor for the sale of the Product to resellers      located outside the Territory;

                                       5





(e)  the insolvency of Distributor, the filing of a petition in bankruptcy by or      against Distributor, the appointment of a receiver for Distributor or      Distributor's property, the execution of an assignment by Distributor of      all or substantially all of its assets for the benefit of its creditors, or      the conviction of Distributor or any principal or manager of Distributor      for any crime tending to adversely affect the ownership or operation of      Distributor's business;

(f)  any failure by Distributor to perform any of its other obligations under      this Agreement where such failure continues for thirty (30) days after      written notice thereof by WGT to Distributor; or

(g)  WGT giving Distributor ninety (90) days' advance written notice of      termination at any time after the expiration of the Initial Term.

5.3  Failure to Make Guaranteed Minimum Purchases. Upon any failure by      Distributor to make Gross Purchases in sufficient amounts to meet or exceed      the applicable cumulative Guaranteed Minimum Purchases, WGT may, at its      sole option and effective upon notice to Distributor, terminate this      Agreement. Distributor shall pay WGT fifty percent (50%) of the unpaid      balance of cumulative Guaranteed Minimum Purchase amounts as liquidated      damages. The parties acknowledge and agree that it would be difficult or      impossible to calculate WGT's actual damages arising from Distributor's      failure to timely pay all of the Guaranteed Minimum Purchases. Therefore,      the parties have agreed upon the above payment of liquidated damages in      lieu of WGT's claim for actual damages from such breach.

5.4  Termination by Distributor. Upon the occurrence of any of the following,      Distributor may terminate the Term by giving WGT written notice of such      termination;

(a)  the insolvency of WGT, the filing of a petition by or against WGT, the      appointment of a receiver for WGT or WGT's property, or the execution of an      assignment by WGT of all or substantially all of its assets for the benefit      of its creditors;

(b)  any failure by WGT to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement      where such failure continues for thirty (30) days after written notice      thereof by Distributor to WGT; or

(c)  for convenience whether or not extended beyond the Initial Term, provided      Distributor gives WGT thirty (30) days' advance written notice and, within      such thirty (30) day period, Distributor pays to WGT a lump-sum payment      equal to fifty (50%) of the unpaid balance of cumulative Guaranteed Minimum      Purchase amounts.

5.5  Effect of Termination. Any termination pursuant to paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or      5.4 will be without prejudice to any other right or remedy afforded to      either party under this Agreement or any applicable law (e.g., in the case      of any breach or default by the other party), and will not affect any      rights or obligations which have arisen prior to the date of such      termination. In the event of termination, Distributor will:

                                       6

(a)  immediately cease to demonstrate, market, sublicense and distribute the      Product in the Territory;

(b)  cease use of all Trademarks of WGT;

(c)  return to WGT within twenty (20) days following the expiration or      termination of the Term, any and all (i) demonstration Product provided to      Distributor; (ii) Products not already paid for in full by Distributor; and      (iii) promotional literature, data, information and other items received by      Distributor under this Agreement; and

(d)  furnish WGT with such information relating to the marketing, sale or      distribution of the Product in the Territory as WGT may reasonably request      (including, but not limited to, information as to calls or the status of      any negotiations for the sale of the Product, or any sales or service      records).

Upon the expiration or termination of the Term, the license granted under Section 2 of this Agreement will terminate. Any end-user licenses of the Software granted under the terms of this Agreement will survive the end of the Term in accordance with the terms of the applicable end-user license agreement.

5.6  Acknowledgment. Any expiration or termination of the Term will be final and      absolute. Except as expressly set forth in paragraphs 5.3 and 5.5(c),      Distributor waives any right, either express or implied by applicable law      or otherwise, to the renewal of this Agreement or to any damages or      compensation for any expiration or termination of the Term in accordance      with this Section 5. Each of the parties have considered the possibility of      such expiration or termination and the possibility of loss and damage      resulting therefrom in making expenditures pursuant to the performance of      this Agreement. It is the express intent and agreement of the parties that      neither will be liable to the other for damages, except as expressly set      forth in paragraphs 5.3 and 5.5(c), or otherwise by reason of the      expiration or termination of the Term as provided for herein.

6.0  Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for, or be considered to be in      breach of or default under this Agreement on account of, any delay or





     failure to perform as required by this Agreement (other than for payment      under Section 3), as a result of any cause or condition beyond such party's      reasonable control.

7.0  Entire Agreement. This Agreement is subject to the provisions of WGT's      Standard Distributor Terms attached hereto as Exhibit B and by this      reference incorporated into and as part of this Agreement. This Agreement      is also subject to any additional terms or licenses executed by WGT and      Distributor and attached as Exhibits, including any Special Terms and      Conditions specified in Exhibit A. This Agreement sets forth the entire      agreement, and supersedes any and all prior agreements, among the parties      related to the Product. WGT will not be bound by, and specifically objects      to, any term, condition, or other provision that is different from or in      addition to the provisions of this Agreement (whether or not it would      materially alter this Agreement) and that is proffered by Distributor or      otherwise appears in any order, receipt, acceptance, confirmation,      correspondence, or otherwise, unless WGT specifically agrees to such      provision in a written instrument signed by WGT. No

                                       7

     modifications of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be valid      unless set forth in a written instrument signed by both parties. Any remedy      by WGT set forth in this Agreement is in addition to any other remedy      afforded to WGT under any other contract, by law, or otherwise.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

Distributor:                               WatchGuard Technologies, Inc.

By: /s/ LAURENCE GILBERT                   By: /s/ WATCHGUARD    -------------------------                  ------------------------------

Title: MANAGING DIRECTOR                   Title: VP/SALES

Date Signed: NOVEMBER 5, 1997              Date Signed: NOVEMBER 3, 1997

Address:  20/24 Church Street              Required Signature:           Altrincham, Cheshire           WA14 4DW, ENGLAND                By:                                                 -------------------------------                                            Title: Executive Vice-President Sales

                                           Date Signed:                                                          ---------------------

                                           Address:  316 Occidental Avenue South                                                      Suite 300                                                      Seattle, Washington  98104

                                       8

                    FULL SERVICE MASTER DISTRIBUTOR SCHEDULE                                     EXHIBIT A

PRODUCTS:

Distributor will be entitled to order the following products (which includes hardware and software) at the following discounts of WGT's then current WatchGuard Price List:

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                        DISCOUNT FROM WGT'S                                  PRODUCT                  THEN CURRENT                                                       WATCHGUARD PRICE LIST - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- WatchGuard Security System                             40% plus additional                                                        10% on the remaining                                                  undiscounted amount, i.e., 46%

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXCHANGE FEE:                                      $10 per CD SUPPORT FEE:                                       $25,000 per year

                                                                  CUMULATIVE                                                                   GUARANTEED                                                                     MINIMUM                                                                    PURCHASES                               DATE OF ORDER                     (U.S. DOLLARS) - -------------------------------------------------- --------------------------- Upon contract signing                              $100,000.00 1st subsequent Quarter-end, Sept. 30, 1997         $100,000.00 2nd subsequent Quarter-end, Dec. 31, 1997          $167,000.00 3rd subsequent Quarter-end, Mar. 31, 1997          $234,000.00 4th subsequent Quarter-end, Jun 30, 1997           $300,000.00





TERMINATION DATE:                                           September 30, 1997 TRADEMARKS:

/bullet/  WatchGuard(TM)

/bullet/  WatchGuard(TM) Technologies

/bullet/  WatchGuard(TM) SchoolMate

/bullet/  Firebox(TM)

TERRITORY:

/bullet/  Europe

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

                                       9

These Special Terms and Conditions are part of the Distributor Agreement between WatchGuard Technologies, Inc. ("WGT") and Distributor (collectively, the "Agreement"). Terms that are defined in the Distributor Agreement will have the same meaning when used in these Special Terms and Conditions.

Section A.1 By joint agreement between WGT and Distributor, Distributor may engage in end user sales in the Territory.

If it is agreed that Distributor may engage in end user sales, Distributor may distribute, license and sell up to 20% of the Product purchased from WGT directly to end-users in the Territory. Further, Distributor agrees that high end-users satisfaction is a condition of its continued authorization by WGT. To ensure high end-user satisfaction, Distributor shall: (a) provide quality first level support to its end-user customers; (b) promptly report to WGT all suspected and actual problems with any WGT product; (c) assist WGT in tracing WGT Products to particular end users to distribute critical WGT Product information, locate WGT Products for safety reasons, or to be discover unauthorized marketing or infringing acts; (d) avoid deceptive, misleading or unethical conduct which are or might be detrimental to WGT or its WGT product; and (e) refrain from marking any representation, warranty or guarantee to end users with respect to the specifications, features or capabilities of the WGT Product that is inconsistent with the literature distributed by WGT or this Agreement.

Section A.2 Distributor is legally organized under the jurisdiction of a country belonging to the European Union.

If Distributor is organized under the jurisdiction of the country belonging to the European Union, the following clause is hereby appended to Section 1(c) of the Standard Distributor Terms:

         "PROVIDED HOWEVER, the foregoing restriction is not intended to          preclude Distributor from fulfilling, and Distributor may fulfill,          unsolicited orders for Product received from outside the Territory but          within the European Union (and Distributor shall provide WGT written          notice of any such Sales);"

Section A.3 As a Full Service Master Distributor, Distributor agrees to sign up a minimum of 10 new WatchGuard resellers in the Territory within the Initial Term of the Agreement.

- -------------------------------------------- --------------------------------- Distributor:                                 WatchGuard Technologies, Inc.:

By:  /s/ LAURENCE GILBERT                    By:  /s/ WATCHGUARD      --------------------------                   ----------------------------- Title: MANAGING DIRECTOR                     Title: SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT/SALES                                                      Date Signed:  NOVEMBER 5, 1997               Date Signed:  NOVEMBER 3, 1997  -------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------

                                       10

                           STANDARD DISTRIBUTOR TERMS                                     EXHIBIT B

These Standard Distributor Terms are part of the Distributor Agreement between WatchGuard Technologies, Inc. ("WGT") and Distributor (collectively, the "Agreement"). Terms that are defined in the Distributor Agreement will have the same meaning when used in these Standard Distributor Terms.

 1.  Reservation of Rights. The Software is licensed, not sold, to Distributor.      PARAGRAPH 2.2 LICENSE GRANT of the Distributor Agreement sets forth the      entirety of Distributor's rights to use, market, distribute, demonstrate      and otherwise deal with the Product. All rights in and to the Product not      expressly granted to Distributor under this Agreement are hereby expressly      reserved to WGT without restriction. Without limiting the generality of the      foregoing, Distributor will comply with the following:

(a)  Distributor will distribute the Product to resellers only pursuant to a      reseller agreement that substantially conforms to the term of this





     Agreement;

(b)  Distributor will not market, demonstrate or distribute the Product outside      the Territory and Distributor will not supply the Product to any reseller      that Distributor knows or has reason to know (i) intends to distribute the      Product outside the Territory or (ii) intends to use or install the Product      outside the Territory;

(c)  Distributor will market, sell and distribute the Product only in its      original, unopened package as received from WGT under the terms of the      end-user license agreement and limited hardware warranty, as applicable,      originally included in the Product package;

(d)  Distributor will not modify or make copies of the Product or translate or      port the Software into any other computer or human language;

(e)  Distributor will not disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile or repackage      all or any component of the Product or otherwise attempt to discover any      portion of the source code or trade secrets related to the Product;

(f)  Distributor will not remove, alter, distort, cover or modify any notice of      copyright, trademark or other proprietary right appearing in or on any item      included with the Product or its packaging; and

(g)  Distributor will not register, attempt to register or assist anyone else to      register, directly or indirectly, the Trademarks or any copyright or other      proprietary rights associated with the Product in the Territory or      elsewhere other than in the name of WGT, without WGT's prior written      consent.

2.   Protection Against Unauthorized Use. Distributor will promptly notify WGT      of any unauthorized use of the Product or the Trademarks which comes to      Distributor's attention. In

                                       11

     the event of any such unauthorized use by Distributor's employees, agents      or representatives, Distributor will use its best efforts to terminate such      unauthorized use and to retrieve any copy of the Product in the possession      or control of the person or entity engaging in such unauthorized use.      Distributor will immediately notify WGT of any legal proceeding initiated      by Distributor in connection with such unauthorized use. WGT may, at its      option and expense, participate in any proceeding and, in such event,      Distributor will provide such authority, information and assistance related      to such proceeding as WGT may reasonably request to protect WGT's      interests.

3.   Use of Trademarks. WGT reserves all rights in and to the Trademarks and all      other trademarks and trade names used by WGT in connection with the      Products, but WGT grants to Distributor the nonexclusive right to use and      display the Trademarks during the Term to promote and identify the Product      in the Territory in connection with this Agreement. Distributor will comply      with the trademark guidelines and procedures established by WGT in      Distributor's use of the Trademarks including without limitation use of the      trademark and copyright symbols as specified by WGT from time to time. When      using the Trademarks, Distributor will include a statement acknowledging      that the Trademarks are owned by WGT. Distributor hereby acknowledges that      the goodwill associated with its use of the Trademarks inures solely and      exclusively to WGT and that Distributor does not acquire any rights in the      Trademarks as a result of such use. Distributor will not use the Trademarks      or any confusingly similar name, marks, logos, designs or artwork as part      of Distributor's name, trade name, trademark or artwork without WGT's prior      written consent.

 4.  Independent Contractor. Distributor is an independent contractor, not an      employee, agent or franchisee of WGT. Distributor will not represent or      hold itself out as an employee, agent or franchisee of WGT. Distributor      does not have any authority to, and will not, create or assume any license,      warranty or other obligation, express or implied, on behalf of WGT. This      Agreement will not be interpreted or construed as creating or evidencing      any association, joint venture or partnership between the parties or as      imposing any partnership or franchisor obligation or liability on either      party.

 5.  Delivery. WGT will deliver all Products ordered by Distributor F.O.B.      carrier at WGT's shipping location as determined by WGT from time to time,      on or before the delivery date set forth in each accepted order.      Distributor will pay or reimburse WGT for all shipping charges, premiums      for freight insurance, inspection fees, duties, import and export fees,      assessments, transportation and other costs incurred by WGT to transport      the Product to the shipping destination.

 6.  Resale. Distributor represents that all Products acquired under this      Agreement are acquired solely for demonstration, licensing or sale (as      applicable) and distribution to resellers or end-users in the Territory      without intervening use by Distributor. Distributor acknowledges that the      prices set forth in this Agreement have been established in reliance upon      such representation and that different prices may apply to any Products      acquired for any other purpose. Upon WGT's request, Distributor will      furnish WGT evidence of such resale (including but not limited to      satisfactory evidence of exemption from retail sales, use or similar taxes      that may otherwise apply to transactions under this Agreement).





                                       12

7.   Software Update Exchange. Once each Quarter during the Term of this      Agreement, Distributor shall have the right to exchange any prior version      of the Software then in Distributor's inventory for an equivalent quantity      of Software containing Updates, subject to Distributor paying WGT an      "Exchange Fee" set forth in Exhibit A, for each copy of the Software      exchanged hereunder. WGT will invoice Distributor for and Distributor shall      pay all Exchange Fees as provided in Exhibit A. WGT will deliver all such      exchanged Software Updates in accordance with paragraph 5. Distributor      shall return to WGT the copies of the prior versions of the Software      exchanged under this paragraph 7 at Distributor's expense.

8.   Records; Audit. During the Term and for twenty-four (24) months thereafter,      Distributor will keep and maintain accurate accounts and records regarding      the Products sold and Product license keys delivered to resellers and      end-users under this Agreement. Upon WGT's request, Distributor will      provide access to such records for examination, reproduction, and audit by      WGT or its representatives. Any such audit will be conducted at such times      and in such a manner so as not to unreasonably interfere with Distributor's      normal operations. If any such audit discloses that Distributor is      deficient in its compliance with the terms and conditions of this      Agreement, Distributor will immediately pay to WGT any deficiency, plus      interest at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month running      from the date originally due until the date paid. Acceptance of any payment      by WGT will be without prejudice to WGT's rights to an audit under this      paragraph 8 or any other rights or remedies afforded to WGT under any other      provision of this Agreement or applicable law.

9.   Taxes. The Guaranteed Minimum Purchases and other amounts specified in this      Agreement do not include sales, use or value added taxes, customs fees,      duties or other governmental taxes or charges. Distributor will pay all      such taxes and charges. In the event Distributor is required under any      applicable law to withhold any taxes or duties from the amounts specified      under this Agreement, payment of the amounts specified under this Agreement      will be net of such withholding taxes or duties. Distributor will pay the      amount of all such withholding taxes and duties and supply WGT with      information concerning the amount and type of tax withheld and any      certificates concerning payments of such withholding taxes.

10.  Interest. Any amount not paid when due will be subject to finance charges      at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum      rate permitted by applicable law; whichever is less, determined and      compounded on a daily basis from the date due until the date paid. Payment      of such finance charges will not excuse or cure Distributor's breach or      default for late payment. If WGT retains a collection agency, attorney or      other person or entity to collect overdue payments, all collection costs,      including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees, will be payable by      Distributor.

11.  Confidentiality. Any information received by Distributor in performance of      this Agreement relating to the business affairs, customers, markets,      finances, methods, Product, technology, trade secrets or proprietary rights      of WGT will be treated as confidential and proprietary information of WGT.      Distributor will not disclose such information, unless the information is      in the public domain at the time of disclosure through no fault of      Distributor or WGT consents to the disclosure in writing. Distributor will      disclose such information only to its

                                       13

     employees whose duties justify their need to know such information and who      have agreed to copy with Distributor's confidentiality obligations      hereunder.

12.  Ownership. The Product involves valuable patent, copyright, trade secret,      trade name, trademark and other proprietary rights of WGT. No title to or      ownership of such proprietary rights is transferred to Distributor under      this Agreement or by use of any trademark, copyright or other proprietary      right. WGT reserves all of its copyright, trade secret and other      proprietary rights in the Product. Distributor will not infringe, violate      or contest and will take appropriate steps and precautions for the      protection of, such proprietary rights.

13.  Implementation. Distributor will take at WGT's expense, all action during      or after the Term that is reasonably requested by WGT for the      implementation of the ownership provisions of this Agreement or to      evidence, perfect or protect WGT's ownership of this Product and the      proprietary rights associated with ownership of the Product (including,      without limitation, the execution, acknowledgment and delivery of      instruments of conveyance, patent, copyright, trademark or other      proprietary rights registration applications or other documents.)

14.  Warranty; Returns. WGT will permit Distributor and end-users purchasing      through resellers to return any defective Product in accordance with the      limited warranty contained in the applicable end-user license agreement or      limited hardware warranty, as applicable, provided that the Distributor and      end-user have compiled with the applicable warranty terms and conditions.      In order to receive the remedy provided for hereunder, Distributor shall





     deliver to WGT a sample of the Product which Distributor finds to be      defective in workmanship or materials, or damaged in shipment prior to      Distributor assuming the risk of loss or damage , along with a written      explanation of the alleged defect within thirty (30) days from the later of      Distributor's initial receipt of such Product from WGT or from the delivery      of such Product to an end-user. In the event WGT verifies a defect reported      by Distributor and such defect affects more than one (1) Product, then at      WGT's option, Distributor shall either certify destruction of all defective      Products or return all Products which it alleges are defective to WGT.      Distributor, reseller or the end user will be responsible for      transportation charges for such Product units sent to WGT's facilities for      service. Provided that WGT is able to verify the presence of the reported      defect in such units, transportation charges, via a mode of transportation      chosen by WGT, shall be borne by WGT to return the Product units from WGT's      location to the Distributor, reseller or the end-user's location. Upon      verification of a defect in one or more Products returned in accordance      with the foregoing, or upon Distributor's certification that it has      destroyed any defective Product in compliance with WGT's instructions, WGT      will, at its option, either issue a credit to Distributor in the amount of      the purchase price paid or payable for such Product by Distributor or      replace the defective Product with an identical (non-defective) Product.      Such remedy will be exclusive and in full satisfaction of Distributor's      claims hereunder. WGT does not warrant that the Products are free form all      bugs, errors, defects, design flaws or omissions. The warranties in this      Agreement apply only to the latest version of each Product made available      by WGT to Distributor. Such warranties will not apply to any Product which      WGT determines has been subject to misuse, neglect, improper installation,      repair, alteration or damage by Distributor, reseller or an end-user or any      other individual or entity, or modification by any such individual or      entity except with the prior express authorization of WGT. WGT's      obligations

                                       14

     under this paragraph will not apply to the extent arising out of any use or      combination of the Product with any other products, goods, services or      other items furnished by Distributor or anyone other than WGT, or to any      modification or change of the Product not made by WGT. The foregoing      warranties and rights may be asserted by Distributor only and not by      Distributor's resellers.

15.  Infringement. WGT will defend and indemnify Distributor against any      judicial proceeding based upon infringement of any U.S. patent or US.      copyright by the Product to the extent that such proceeding arises from or      in connection with a component of the Product manufactured or developed by      WGT and not any third party, provided that Distributor notifies WGT of such      proceeding promptly after Distributor receives notice thereof, WGT has      control over the defense and settlement of the proceeding, Distributor      provides such assistance in the defense and settlement of the proceeding as      WGT may reasonably request, and Distributor complies with any settlement or      court order made in connection with such proceeding (e.g., as to the future      use of any infringing Product). WGT's obligations under this paragraph will      not apply to any infringement to the extent arising out of any use or      combination of the Product with any other products, goods, services or      other items furnished by Distributor or anyone other than WGT or to any      modification or change of the Product not made by WGT.

16.  Disclaimer and Release. THE WARRANTIES OF WGT AND THE REMEDIES OF      DISTRIBUTOR SET FORTH IN PARGRAPHS 14 AND 15 ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN      SUBSTITUTION FOR, AND DISTRIBUTOR HEREBY WAIVES, RELEASES AND DISCLAIMS.      ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITIES OF WGT AND ALL OTHER      RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND CLAIMS OF DISTRIBUTOR, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARISING BY      LAW OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO ANY DEFECT, DEFICIENCY OR NONCONFORMITY      IN ANY PRODUCT OR OTHER ITEM FURNISHED BY OR ON BEHALF OF WGT UNDER THIS      AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF      MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; IMPLIED WARRANTY      ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USEAGE OF TRADE;      ANY OBLIGATION, LIABLITY, RIGHT, REMEDY OR CLAIM IN TORT (INCLUDING      NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABLITY, STRICKT      LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY; AND CLAIM OF INFRINGEMENT.

17.  Representations. Distributor will be solely responsible for any      representations or warranties Distributor may make to any reseller with      respect to the Product or any products, goods, services or other items      provided by Distributor. Except to the extent inconsistent with paragraph      15, Distributor releases and will defend, indemnify and hold harmless WGT      and its officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives from any      and all claims, losses, damages, liens, liabilities, costs and expenses      (including, but not limited, reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred or      asserted by any reseller or otherwise arising out of or in connection with      (a) any misrepresentation, negligent or tortious act or omission, or breach      of or default under this Agreement by Distributor or by anyone else acting      for or on behalf of Distributor in connection with the promotion,      distribution or other dealings with respect to the Product; (b) any      reseller or end-user's use of the Product or any products or services of

                                       15





     Distributor; or (c) any representations and warranties made by Distributor      that are inconsistent with or in addition to the warranties made in WGT's      end-user license agreement or limited hardware warranty, as applicable,      accompanying each copy of the Product.

18.  Limitations of Liability. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 15, WGT'S      LIABILITY(WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE WHETHER      ACTIVE, PASSIVE, IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER      THEORY) UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR WITH REGARD TO ANY PRODUCT OR OTHER ITEMS      FURNISHED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE COMPENSATION      PAID TO WGT CONCERNING SUCH PRODUCT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

19.  Consequential Damages. IN NO EVENT WILL WGT BE LIABLE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,      WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED),      PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY), TO DISTRIBUTOR OR TO      ANY RESELLER OF DISTRIBUTOR, END-USER OR OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR COST OF      COVER OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES      (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFIT, BUSINESS OR DATA)      ARISING OUT OF ITS PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE      USE OF, INABIILTY TO USE OR RESULTS OF USE OF THE PRODUCT.

20.  Compliance with Laws. In performing this Agreement, Distributor will comply      with all applicable laws, regulations and other requirements, now or      hereafter in effect, of government authorities having jurisdiction.

21.  Export. Without limiting anything else herein, Distributor will not export      or re-export, directly or indirectly, the WGT Product to any country to      which export or re-export of such items is prohibited by the U.S. Export      Administration Act, regulations of the U.S. Department of Commerce and      other export controls of the U.S., as they may be amended without first      obtaining an appropriate written authorization from the U.S. Office of      Export Licensing or its successor. At the time of execution of this      Agreement, Distributor is prohibited from exporting or re-exporting ,      directly or indirectly, the WGT Product to the following countries: Cuba,      Libya, North Korea, Iran, Iraq, Ruwanda, Sudan, Syria and the Federal      Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro). Notwithstanding the      foregoing list, Distributor is not relieved from its obligations to comply      with the foregoing export control laws, as such laws may be amended from      time to time. Distributor shall also comply with all other foreign or local      governmental export and import control laws, regulations and rules.

22.  Government Approvals. Distributor will obtain at its expense all licenses,      permits and other governmental approvals; will provide all notices; and      will pay all duties, taxes and other charges required for the license,      export, re-export and import of the Product distributed by the Distributor;      the license of the Software distributed by Distributor; and the      implementation of this Agreement.

                                       16

23.  Nonwaiver. The failure of either party to insist upon or enforce strict      performance of any of the provisions of this Agreement or to exercise any      rights or remedies under this Agreement will not be construed as a waiver      or relinquishment to any extent of such party's right to assert or rely      upon any such provisions, rights or remedies in that or any other instance;      rather, the same will be and remain in full force and effect.

24.  Assignment. Distributor will not assign all or any part of this Agreement      or any of its rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent      of WGT. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be fully binding      upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties and their      respective successors and assigns.

25.  Survival. Paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 13 through 23 and all accrued obligations to      pay, together with all other provisions of this Agreement which may      reasonably be interpreted or construed as surviving the expiration or      termination of the Term, will survive the expiration or termination of the      Term.

26.  Notices. Any notice or other communication under this Agreement given by      either party to the other will be in writing and delivered either (a) in      person or by first-class, registered or certified mail or a recognized      overnight delivery service, return receipt requested, postage prepaid or      (b) by facsimile and then acknowledged as received by return facsimile by      the intended recipient. Notices will be deemed received only upon actual      receipt. Notices will be directed to the intended recipient at the address      specified below its signature on the signature page of this Agreement.      Either party may change its address by giving the other party notice of      such change in accordance with this paragraph.

27.  No Conflict. Distributor represents and warrants to WGT that Distributor is      free to enter into and perform this Agreement without thereby being in      breach of or default under the terms of any other contract, commitment or      understanding.

28.  Interpretation. The English language of this Agreement will govern any      interpretation of or dispute regarding the terms of this Agreement.      Paragraph captions are for convenience of reference and do not alter or      limit the terms of this Agreement. The parties hereto have expressly      required that the present Agreement and its Exhibits be drawn up on the      English language. / Les parties aux presentes ont expressement exige que la      presente conventions et se Annexes solent redigees en la langue anglaise.





29.  Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in      accordance with the local laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A., without      regard to its conflicts of law provisions and not including the provisions      of the 1980 U.N. Convention in Contracts for the International Sale of      Goods. Distributor irrevocably consents, and submits to the jurisdiction of      the Federal and State courts of and located in King County, in the State of      Washington, U.S.A. Distributor will not commence or prosecute any suit,      claim, or proceeding arising under this Agreement other than in the courts      identified in the preceding sentence. Any remedy of WGT set forth in this      Agreement is in addition to any other remedy afforded to WGT under this      Agreement, any other contract, by law or otherwise.

                                       17

                         SUPPORT SERVICES AND PROCEDURES                                     EXHIBIT C

SUPPORT SERVICES:

WGT will provide the following training and product support programs to Distributor:

A.   Training.

Promptly after execution of this Agreement, WGT will conduct a one day technical and sales training program for three (3) of Distributor's employees. Such training will be held at Distributor's facilities. Distributor will be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by Distributor's personnel in attending, receiving or securing training provided by WGT.

B.   Product Support Services.

WGT will provide the following product support services to Distributor for the Term of the Agreement:

1.   Telephone Support. Reasonable telephone and electronic mail support for the      Software will be available in response to a request from Distributor during      WGT's normal business hours (6:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday,      Pacific Standard Time), excluding holidays that WGT recognizes. Only      Distributor's designated, approved personnel will communicate with WGT's      customer support specialists.

2.   Submitting a Service Request. To submit a request for service, Distributor      has two service options:

(a)  over the phone, the Distributor will dial WGT's service number as supplied      to Distributor by WGT. When a support specialist answers the phone,      Distributor will be prepared to discuss the problem with the support      specialist.

(b)  via electronic mail as supplied to Distributor by WGT, whereby a service      request can be submitted to WGT's electronic mail system.

In order to submit a service request, either telephonically or electronically, Distributor will employ the following procedures:

(a)  provide a clear description that fully explains what the problem is, and      when the problem occurs;

(b)  provide a diagnostic trace, sample code or file of the failure symptom that      has been recorded on the user's system; and

(c)  describe the steps taken to resolve the problem.

                                       18

3.   Priority. WGT will respond to problems with the Software in accordance with      the following priority schedule:

Priority One ("P-1") is reserved for critical and severe Software problems which cause the Software to fail or act in a manner which causes the Software to be unusable.

Priority Two ("P-2") is reserved for Software problems which cause a major component of the Software to become unusable but the overall Software continues to function.

Priority Three ("P-3") is reserved for Software problems which cause minimal disruption to normal operations of the Software and can be avoided with a simple work-around process.

Priority Four ("P-4") is reserved for all other problems of lesser severity.

4.   Response Time: Upon receipt of a service request, a WGT customer support      specialist will contact Distributor's designated, approved personnel within      the following response times to discuss the problem:

"P-1" - respond within two (2) hours (subject to WGT's normal business hours) of





receipt of a P-1 problem and use all commercially reasonable and diligent efforts to create a fix or work-around as soon as practicable considering the nature of the problem.

"P-2" - respond within four (4) hours (subject to WGT's normal business hours) of receipt of a P-2 problem and use all commercially reasonable and diligent efforts to create a fix or work-around as soon as practicable considering the nature of the problem.

"P-3" - respond within twenty-four (24) hours (subject to WGT's normal business hours) of receipt of a P-3 problem and use all commercially reasonable efforts to create a fix or work-around which may be included in the next Update.

"P-4" - respond within five (5) business days (subject to WGT's normal business hours) of receipt of a P-4 problem and target a fix in a future Update.

WGT will make any corrections available to Distributor via BBS, FTP site or other reasonable means.

                                       19

                             DISTRIBUTOR'S FORECAST                                     EXHIBIT D

Quarter 1: ____________, 19__ through ____________, 19__      $__________

Quarter 2: ____________, 19__ through ____________, 19__      $__________

Quarter 3: ____________, 19__ through ____________, 19__      $__________

Quarter 4: ____________, 19__ through ____________, 19__      $__________

                                       20