EXHIBIT I TO SCHEDULE A (COMPLIANCE WITH UNITED STATES SECURITIES LAWS) AGENTS' CERTIFICATE In connection with the offer and sale in the United States of common shares (the "Securities") of Tribute Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the "Corporation") to Accredited Investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement dated as of May 22, 2015, and pursuant to an agency agreement (the "Agency Agreement") dated as of May 22, 2015 between the Corporation and the agents named therein, [ ] (the "Agent") and [ ] (the "U.S. Affiliate"), the U.S. registered broker-dealer affiliate of the Agent, hereby certify as follows: (i) on the date hereof and on the date of each offer of Securities by us in the United States and each subsequent sale to such offerees by the Corporation, the U.S. Affiliate is and was: (A) a duly registered as a broker-dealer under the U.S. Exchange Act and duly registered as a broker-dealer under the laws of each state where it made offers of Securities (unless exempt from such registration requirements); and (B) a member of and in good standing with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; (ii) all offers of Securities by us in the United States have been effected by the U.S. Affiliate in accordance with all applicable U.S. federal and state broker-dealer requirements; (iii) immediately prior to offering the Securities to persons in the United States, we had reasonable grounds to believe and did believe that each such person was an Accredited Investor, based upon a pre-existing relationship, and, on the date hereof, we continue to believe that each such offeree purchasing Securities from the Corporation is an Accredited Investor; (iv) no form of Directed Selling Efforts, General Solicitation or General Advertising was used by us in connection with the offer of the Securities by us in the United States, and we have not acted in any manner involving public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a) (2) of the U.S. Securities Act in connection with the offer of the Securities by us in the United States; (v) in connection with arranging each sale by the Corporation of Securities to U.S. Subscribers solicited by us, we caused each such U.S. Subscriber to duly complete and execute a Subscription Agreement to be used for U.S Subscribers; (vi) the Agent represents and warrants that with respect to Offered Shares to be sold in reliance on Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, none of it, the U.S. Affiliate, any of its or the U.S. Affiliate's directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members or other officers participating in the Offering, or any other person associated with the Agent who will receive, directly or indirectly, remuneration for solicitation of Subscribers of Offered Shares pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D (each, a "Dealer Covered Person" and, together, "Dealer Covered Persons"), is subject to any Disqualification Event except for a Disqualification Event (i) covered by Rule 506(d)(2)(i) of Regulation D and (ii) a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Corporation prior to the date hereof;





(vii) the Agent represents that it is not aware of any person (other than any Dealer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of Subscribers in connection with the sale of any Offered Shares pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D; and (viii) the offering of the Securities in the United States has been conducted by us in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement, including Schedule A attached hereto. [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]





Terms used in this certificate have the meanings given to them in the Agency Agreement, including Schedule A attached hereto, unless otherwise defined herein. Dated this day of , 2015. [INSERT NAME OF AGENT] [INSERT NAME OF U.S. AFFILIATE] By: By: Name: Name: Title: Title: