EXHIBIT 10.23

COMPLETION AND LIOUDm MAINTENANCE 4GRFFMFST

THIS COMPLEHON AGREEMENT AND UQITDITV MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT ( 'Agreement") {5 made and entered into effective as of  June 29, 2006 between PRIMEEVERG\'CORPORATION ( Time"), GUARANTY BANK, FSB ('Guaranty") and PRIME OFFSHORELT.C. T: Offshore"!

Prime is the majority shareholder of Prime Offshore L.L.C. COffshore"! Offshore and Guaranty are parties to a Credit Agreement dated June 29,  2006, by and between Offshore as Borrower and Guaranty, as Agent and Lender i "Credit Agreement'T wherein Guaranty is loaning certain funds  to Offshore to drill and complete wells and construct, install and operate in-field and flow pipelines, caissons, platforms and production facilities  for wells m South Padre Island Area OCS Blocks 1113, 1059, 1060, 1073 and 1133 and North Padre Island Area OCS Block 998 T'Derelopment  Project").

1. Completion Commrtiryr.t

Each of the South Padre Island Area OCS Blocks 1113,1059,1060,1073 and 1133 and the North Padre Island Area OCS Block 998 shall be defined  as a "Project Field.''

For purposes ofthis Agreement, Project Completion shall consist oftwo components and be defined as:

A) each Project Field in the Development Project having all planned in-field and flow pipelines, caissons, platforms and production facilities  for all the wells in such Project Field, for which Guaranty has loaned funds, installed and operationalsuch that the production from all such  wells can be transported to a readily available sales point for naturalgas. In addition, for each Project Field, Project Completion will include,  but not limited to:

a) obtaining required permits, easements and governmental approvals;

b) executing necessary" construction contract(s);

c) completing tests considered usual and customary" and required to be conducted with results tn accordance with those necessary" to  permit operations;

d) ensuring that each Project Field is free and clear of all bens other than those in favor of Guaranty and Permitted Liens under the Credit  Agreement and:

e) causing all costs of the Development Project to be paid when due; and,

B) the 12-inch loop pipeline fromNorth Padre Island Area OCS Block 996 to the pipeline owned by the Williams Companies Inc. having been  constructed and installed in accordance with the plans and specifications in the construction contracts).





As consideration for Guaranty entering into the Credit Agreement to provide such loans for the Development Project and to ensure Project  Completion. Prime absolutely and unconditionally warrants to Guaranty to fund the payment to Offshore of all costs that exzeed the available  commitments under the Credit Agreement, including interest, for Project Completion. In the event Offshore is in Default under Section 7.1(f), (g),  (h) and/or (i) ofthe Credit Agreement, then Prime absolutely and unconditionally warrants to Guaranty" the assumption of all costs for Project  Completion.

2. Licuieitv Maintenance

Prime will, during the term of the Credit Agreement, maintain liquidity consisting of unused revolver availability" under the Credit Agreement dated  December!, 2002, as amended, with Prime et aland Guaranty, and/or unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $25,000,000. This required liquidity"  win reduce dollar-for-dollar with any additional shareholder advance s and increase dollar-for-dollar to a maximum of $21,000,000 with any  repayment of shareholder advances. To the extent that shareholder repayment has occurred, Prime agrees to fund additional shareholder loans  equal to the amount repayed by the shareholder, as needed to ensure Project Clomp let ion

This Agreement shall remain in force until each component ofProject Completion is satisfied. Once a component is satisfied, Prime's absolute and  unconditional warranty to Guaranty to fund the payment to Offshore of ad costs that esceed the available commitments under the Credit  Agreement for that conponent, including interest, wid ejpire.

Prime understands that a breach ofobligations under this Agreement would result in an Event ofDefault under the Credit Agreement with  Offshore that would permit Guaranty to pursue its available remedies under the Credit Agreement. Offshore is executing this Agreement to  acknowledge that a breach ofthis Agreement would result in an Event ofDefault under the Credit Agreement.

This Agreement shad be deemed a contract made under and shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws ofthe State ofTexas  and that actions arising out ofthis Agreement may be litigated in courts having situs in Harris County, Texas.

This agreement is executed the date first hereinafter written,

PRIMEEVERGY CORPORATION By:-*" Beverly A. Cummings______ Beverly A. Cummings  Executive Vice President

-2 -





PRIME OFFSHORE L.L.C. Byi'Sj' JimR- Brcck___________________ JiinE. Brcck President and Chief Financial Officer





GUARANTY BANK, FS B  ' Kelly L. ELmcre. El  Kell)r L Ebncre. IH  Senicr Vice Press idenl